In this
exercise I want you to create a blog post object with
these properties. title, body,
author, views, which represents the number of
times this post has been viewed. Comments,
now each comment should have a couple properties. Author
and body. And finally, another property,
that each post should have is isLive. Now
that can be either true or false. So once again you should
use the object literal syntax to create and initialize a
blog post. Give each property some value, the actual value doesn't
really matter. I just want you to get comfortable with the object literal syntax
Alright here's a solution. So let's create a
post object, using the object literal syntax, we set the
title to a, body to b,
author to c, so all these three
properties are strings. Now views should be a
number, we can set that to 10, comments,
should be an array because we can have multiple comments, so we set that
to an array, now each comment should have
two properties, so each comment should be an object. So
here once again we use the object literal syntax to initialize
a comment object. We set the author to a
and body to b. We can have another comment
in this array. Let's duplicate that, different values
and finally we should add
the isLive property, so,
isLive set that to true.
And then let's do a console.log of post
inspect this on the console, so we can see
the comments property is an array with two objects, if we spend
this you can see the properties of each object. We've got author
and body.